Let's take a look at writing
a PySpark application that sinks a subset of JSON fields to Kafka.
The first thing I'm going to do is check that Spark and Kafka are running.
I see that neither of them is up,
so I'm going to start Kafka.
You'll notice this particular simulation has two instructions.
First start Kafka, and then start simulation.
It's important to remember to start the simulation before you run your code.
While Kafka is starting,
I'm going to start Spark.
I'm going to data/spark/sbin,
then I'm going to say, excuse me,
I'm going to go to home/workspace/spark/sbin and./start-master.sh.
Kafka is up and running. That's good.
We see a blinking cursor and no spinning.
But remember, we have to start the simulation before we run our Python code.
Now I'm going to look at the log that the master created,
and I'm going to use cat this time,
cat and the log file.
There's my spark master.
I'm going to do./start=slave.sh and pass the master URI.
Spark should be up and running.
Ps-ef shows me two Spark processes and Kafka,
bunch of Java stuff.
Great. Now we can start coding.
We just have to remember to come back and start
the simulation before our code starts running.
Now I'm going to clear the console,
so it's easier to read.
You'll notice that I've already created a schema for you.
This is the default Redis message schema,
and that's just a message envelope that we see our Redis messages show up inside of.
Usually the key here is very important.
That tells us the name of the collection we're working with within Redis.
The other thing that's important when we're working
with Redis sorted sets is a collection called z set entries.
So z set entries is what has the data that changed inside of it.
In this case, it's going to be a payment.
I'm going to create a schema for that payment.
I'm going to call it a paymentJSONSchema.
It's going to be a StructType because that's what schemas are made out of.
I'm going to create an array.
Remember, it's an array of struct fields,
and each field needs to match the JSON field name and have the proper type.
I need another one for customerName,
I need another one for date.
We're going to make that a string.
I need another one for amount.
I'm going to call the amount of FloatType which I have not
imported yet. Let's import that.
I'm just getting rid of some extra space,
and I'm going to connect to Spark.
I'm going to set my logging level.
I'm going to connect to Kafka to read my Redis data.
Creating a data frame named redisServerStreamingDF,
this should be called RawStreaming because it's coming straight from Kafka.
That's just my own naming convention.
You can name it what you want.
I'm accessing.readStream, and then format is "kafka",
and my option is "kafka.bootstrap.servers",
and then the server name is "localhost:9092".
I want to get to the right topic.
This is the topic that's configured through my Kafka connect source.
In our example, that's already been set up for you.
But if you didn't have that Kafka connect source setup,
you would need to create it.
Now, let's convert that from binary to string.
A data frame to hold that.
Well, we use the original and we're going to select some data out of it.
We want the key and we want the value.
Now, we're going to get the JSON out,
we're actually going to extract the fields from the JSON that we're interested in,
and we're going to use the.withColumn to overload the current value column.
We're going to extract the data out of
the current value column using the redisMessageSchema.
I'm going to select all those nested fields that I just extracted from JSON,
I may create a view called RedisData.
The next thing that I'm going to do is select all the fields that I need from that view.
I'm creating a data frame for that called zSetEntriesEncodedStreamingDF.
I'm going to use spark.sql to select my key and select
zSetEntries element 0.element as payment from RedisData.
Now I need to add base64 at our base-64 decoded is what most people would call that.
We're going to create a data frame
to hold that information called zSetDecodedEntriesStreamingDF,
then we use the.withColumn to overwrite the payment field.
We're going to extract.
Actually that's getting a little ahead of ourselves.
We don't have a zSetDecodedEntries yet,
so we need to create that.
Let's take the encoded entries and spell those right and say.withColumn to
overwrite the payment column with the base-64 decoded information.
I want to get the payment field.
I'm base-64 decoding it.
Then after that, I'm casting it as a string.
Now we've got that decoded data frame right there.
We're going to use that to extract the decoded JSON as separate fields.
We're going to say zSetDecodedEntriesStreamingDF.withColumn.
We're adding, we're actually overwriting the payment column.
We're going to extract the JSON from it
using the schema we created called paymentJSONSchema.
Make sure I got that spelled the same way.
Then I am going to select the column payment dot star,
get all the subcolumns out of there,
and put them in their own view.
I'll call view payment,
and now, we're going to select from that view,
so paymentStreamingDF is coming from it,
the select I'm doing on using spark.sql.
I'm going to select reservationId,
amount, and customer name,
which are all fields that we've defined right
there from payment because that is the view we defined right there.
The next thing we're going to do is extract the last name for the order,
for the payment rather,
and the way we're going to do that is, first,
let's set up unvariable to hold the data frame,
and then we're going to use the dot select method paymentStreamingDF.select.
In the select statement,
we're going to ask again for the reservationId,
then the amount, notice we're putting commas and then quotes around each of these,
because we're passing them to a function.
Next, we're going to do is split,
and we're splitting the customer name,
so we needed the full path to that, which is paymentStreamingDF.customerName.
We need to tell what character to split on it,
it's going to be a space.
You'll notice in our sample data there's a space here in the name,
so we're assuming that their name has first and last and a space in the middle.
In our split, we're asking it to split on the space character,
and that will give us the ability to access position based elements.
We want the position 1,
which will be our second field,
which is the first name.
Let's alias that and call it last name.
Now we're going to stream all of these information to
the console and FieldsStreamingDF.selectExpr.
I'm actually going to say,
let's stream this to Kafka,
because I think we need to try that.
Now let's cast this as a string.
We're going to convert it to JSON.
We're going to make the reservationId the key to the message that goes into Kafka,
and then we're going to convert it to JSON,
and that would be the value in the Kafka message,
and then I'm going to send it to Kafka using the right stream with a format of Kafka,
tell it where ascended,
and the topic is going to be a new topic,
we're going to make it called payment JSON.
It will create the topic the first time it tries to send to it if it doesn't exist.
We're going to depend on that,
check point locations where the temp file needs to be for spark,
and then we're going to start and await determination.
We need to make sure we start up our simulations,
so let's go back to the guide, and start that.
I'm going to go to the folder that has the start up for that.
That's homework space trucking application start.sh.
The next thing I'm going to do is run the Python that I just wrote,
so if I go to cd homework space spark in ls,
I have several scripts there.
I want to submit the payment.
That's the one I'm going to run,
and I'm just going to check that that has the right Python script in it and it does,
dot slash submit payment.sh.
Now it's holding all of the libraries and it should try and run the Python script.
It says, "An error occurred while calling is o33.load,
bootstrap.servers must be specified for configuring Kafka consumer."
Looks like I left the S off.
Line 56, it says,
"rediServerSstreamingDF is not defined".
So "rediServerStreamingDF.withColumn value from JSON,
Name Error name rediServerStreamingDF is not defined".
We just misspelled it.
Now I'm going to kill this Control C,
run it again, payment JSON schema is not defined.
It's seeing line 69,
and schema is from there,
going to move to a different terminal
because this one has something else running from Kafka still.
If I list here,
I'm going to do dot slash submit payment.sh.
That error is a good sign,
it means it's producing to the topic we created.
That topic is called payment-json right here.
I'm going to go look at the data from Kafka,
cd data Kafka, cd bin,
and dot slash Kafka console consumer,
bootstrap-server localhost 9092 topic payment-json from-beginning.
There's a reservations and we have the last name of these customers.
I have a reservationId,
and that's looking good.
I have reservationId, amount, and last name.
Now, it does appear some of the fields don't have an amount in them.
It looks like we're actually catching some data that's not payment data,
because if it was payment data,
it would always have an amount.
That can happen just because of the way the redis topic is sending us all the redis data,
and so we're getting all the collections.
We could say, here where amount not null,
and that would filter us down to the right collections that we're looking for.
I'm going to kill the spacing,
Control C, and I've stopped consuming the topic,
but it's still producing it,
and then I'm going to stop it from producing by killing the spark application.